Experimental # **Warning** To open source project's do not use this more than one instance of this file in the build at any layer level will cause regression. This was intended to used to fix a regression issue that was fixed a single file instance of the program developed at the manufacturer level. Work applied to this requires coordinating with all development levels. As to the best location for the file will be determined by development teams if best within drivers or loader layers. Any use after this should applied to a physics suite in a stand alone vm environment. be being by be build base_line_equation *Reason for maintenance helper execution is actual < target plane-1 Never execute for actual=>target plane-1 Use original members for reference
This is a simplified math & reference different equation for finding an unknown using the known. 
Correction for variable undefined.
The equation as used here is when two coeffecient members are proportiionally equal and one coefficent has an inverse relationship to one of the two proportionally equal coefficients.
This was originally written to deal with Pmu members overweight. Valid tests known are all ohms laws when an unknown resistance needs to be defined.
By the use of %shader could have linear targeting.Only used for charge strategy not continuous monitoring. This is the "fast learn", single pass *If maintaince has executed previously and maintaince has been determined to need to execute again , each layer of maintaince must be accounted for.Use the difference by executive additional maintaince against the maintenance layer for layer ++. Executing agaimst reference will cause incorrect actual values to be used.As the maintaince layer actual values are not = to reference but are equivalent**  
 When set without proper limitations. The unknown equation "calculates" the memory leaks, calibrated for it and causes more buffer overflow, causing race condition. Also for some reason the program was watching every change and recalculating every change which it shouldn't be set up to do. Two edged sword. Equation does what it was supposed to by reading the loss and not just physical loss but software byte unit and memory loss, calculated the size of the loss memory leak, buffer overflow or any loss, and resizes the value unit to account for all losses. Also was seeing every temperature change and every sensor update as errors or offsets, very bad. Great for testing bad for live stream. As we can target areas of question and find any losses and the size of the losses. R0 works but not how it was hoped to work as it can't be used for program strategy because it is to specific.  It can be used to see miscalculated values but that about as far as I am willing to use it unfortunately because the system just can't handle it properly.
Optimization, unsuccessful,
If memory loss causes loss then optimization is not achieved as a leak is a spill in pipeline and requires fixing the leak first. Need sealed container,  need to fix optimization so that it does not cause overflow, memory leaks and then race condition. Need to look at unit size and or byte size. Find point of buffer overflow, and stop overflow, find limit of buffer. Also look at byte offset alignment default failure. The good news is that it tries to do what it is designed to do. But with leaks should calculate overflow loss by first iteration-second iteration offset= R0 leak loss, overflow. Again unknown equation does what it is supposed to do. Works better and for more than was expected. Works to well As it causes mem leaks to be undetected by attempting correct for the leaks, but causes more leaks by doing this. Which revealed all the leaks that have been patched over to stop the leaks from occuring. As it detects and calculates memory loss and buffer overflow as R0. It also may have passed the test suite because the program calculations errors and tries to correct for errors and the test suite didn't know what to look for.
Question how is target calculated? What is the unit size? How are the coefficients being calculated? Byte unit size vs physics unit values and  differential equation and difference add equation. If unit 8000wInduction coefficient X target 4200 and actual is 4100 and Z is found at unit value size R0 for correct unit coefficient proportionally and X is calculated using R0/2, but if program is variable offset difference to a key unit offset of the induction and not to the Z and X coefficients and calculation for  new Y is from the coefficient variant, then Induction is proportionally =XY = W, i==it/t where t is time. To say that induced current is equal to the total induced current over time-current loss over time or i=◇Q/◇t where Q is current or the net current induced over time equally dependent on the avg current induced over time. If inputs do not follow ohms law such as y=>x or z>x optimization should fail. As Y can not be greater than x and z if greater than x will yield 0 Y and optimization may set a negative value because weights are greater than pool.
If the alignment offset is not to a cast usable and aligned in some cases , murmurhash3 then limitations must be relaxed to allow compatibility. If % Of difference is minimal and effort to offset result will be unequal cast to the byte then relax the optimization to null or success, unsuccessful with limitations to the number of  attempts to complete the optimization successfully to prevent looping is recommended, 1 attempt will exit without causing concerns and give warning that optimization was unsuccessful and direct to ise std.
Rule is to follow proper utf8 To great of precision causes issues. Also a copy causes issues. Refactor by linux or vulkan with there calculationscalculations being corrected after reevaluating their strategy after seeing the equation with +delta vs - delta only may have already corrected the concern at the master.Smaster.So that additional corrections are not needed. The unknown variable equation allowed testing to see if calculation errors had been made for this particular case. For other uses chanhe the output in the case that use of the equation is to find the loss and know the corrected values, add a script for print() This should be useful for using the equation as a debug tool, havent tested this yet but should work well. 
